[notations] Warn about incompatible prefixes (#19049)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.rst

More generally, it is required that notations are explicitly factorized on the
left. See the next section for more about factorization.

.. _NotationFactorization:

Simple factorization rules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Coq extensible parsing is performed by *Camlp5* which is essentially a LL1
parser: it decides which notation to parse by looking at tokens from left to right.
Hence, some care has to be taken not to hide already existing rules by new

> rules. Indeed notations with a common prefix setting different levels could
> interfere with one another. For instance, a notation ``x < y`` with ``x``
> and ``y`` at level 69 would be broken by a further rule that would put
> ``y`` at another level, like ``x < y < z`` with ``x`` at level 69 and ``y``
> at level 200. To avoid such issues, one should left factorize rules, that is ensure
> that common prefixes set the samel levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rules. Indeed, notations with a common prefix setting different levels could
interfere with one another. For instance, a notation ``x < y`` with ``x``
and ``y`` at level 69 would be broken by a further rule that would put
``y`` at another level, like ``x < y < z`` with ``x`` at level 69 and ``y``
at level 200. To avoid such issues, one should left factorize rules, that is ensure
that common prefixes set the same levels.
```

> rules. Indeed, notations with a common prefix setting different levels could
> interfere with one another. For instance, a notation ``x < y`` with ``x``
> and ``y`` at level 69 would be broken by a further rule that would put
> ``y`` at another level, like ``x < y < z`` with ``x`` at level 69 and ``y``
> at level 200. To avoid such issues, one should left factorize rules, that is ensure
> that common prefixes set the same levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rules. Indeed, notations with a common prefix but different levels can
interfere with one another, causing some of the them to parse incorrectly.  For instance, a notation ``x < y`` with ``x``
and ``y`` at level 69 would be broken by another rule that puts
``y`` at another level, like ``x < y < z`` with ``x`` at level 69 and ``y``
at level 200. To avoid such issues, you should left factorize rules, that is ensure
that common prefixes use the same levels.
```

Should it be "can interfere" or "will interfere"?

Author: Can interfere, since in some articular cases both notation can work fine.
What about "notations with a common prefix but different levels can
interfere with one another, causing some of them to not parse."? (since what actually happens is that one of the notations (sometimes both) becomes unusable)

Reviewer: How about "not to work"?  or (better) "makes some of them unusable"?
(probably gives parse errors but the doc doesn't need to be that specific).

More generally, it is required that notations are explicitly factorized on the
left. See the next section for more about factorization.

.. _NotationFactorization:

> Simple factorization rules

Reviewer: This section doesn't explain why the user cares about factorization, so hard to follow.  Perhaps you could add a sentence or two to improve this? Maybe something like:
- distinct notations must be compatible
- in some cases, incompatible notations can be supported by factorizing them.
- "factorizing" means <add short description>  (it's a generic term but we have a very specific meaning in mind, described in the section)

IIUC the point is that if one Notation is a prefix of another, you need to factorize the common prefix so that both can be parsed correctly.

   default by all subsequent interpretations of the corresponding
   notation. Individual interpretations can override the format.

   .. warn:: Notations "a b" defined at level x and "a c" defined at level y have incompatible prefixes. One of them will likely not work.
      :name: notation-incompatible-prefix

      The levels of one of the notations should be adjusted to match
      the other. See :ref:`factorization <NotationFactorization>` for

>       details.

Reviewer: How about precisely describing when two notations are incompatible?
